And that's a Solstice.
Thank you, everyone, for coming.
Thank you to the programmers
who put this whole crazy app
together over the past few
months.
Thank you to all the musicians
and speake speakers who
worked really hard putting
together videos and songs in
this new weird format.
Thank you Alex and Laura for
putting a huge amounts of work
over the entire year.
It was really great to work
with both of you.
And I just want to close things
up with one final little poem
you can just speak aloud in
your room if you're into it.
The road to wisdom,
Well, it's plain and simple to
express.
We err, and err, and err some
more,
but less, and less, and less.
Thank you.